README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/ephracis/appatite.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/ephracis/appatite)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/ephracis/appatite/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/ephracis/appatite)
[![Test Coverage](https://codeclimate.com/github/ephracis/appatite/badges/coverage.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/ephracis/appatite/coverage)
[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-GPLv3-blue.svg)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ephracis/appatite/master/LICENSE)
[![Issue Stats](http://www.issuestats.com/github/ephracis/appatite/badge/pr?style=flat)](http://www.issuestats.com/github/ephracis/appatite)
[![Issue Stats](http://www.issuestats.com/github/ephracis/appatite/badge/issue?style=flat)](http://www.issuestats.com/github/ephracis/appatite)
[![Libraries.io for GitHub](https://img.shields.io/librariesio/github/ephracis/appatite.svg?maxAge=2592000)](https://libraries.io/github/ephracis/appatite)
[![Issues in progress](https://badge.waffle.io/ephracis/appatite.svg?label=in%20progress&title=issues%20in%20progress)](http://waffle.io/ephracis/appatite)

# Welcome to Appatite

This is the project for the [Appatite website](http://appatite.herokuapp.com).

## Get started

### Configuration
#### Authentication
To enable signing in with Github or Gitlab you need to register an app
with those providers and save your ID and secret in the configuration file.

Register your application on [Github](https://github.com/settings/developers)
and [Gitlab](https://gitlab.com/profile/applications) to get your ID and secret.
Set callback URL to `https://<HOSTNAME>/users/auth/gitlab/callback`.

#### Sentry
If you want to use Sentry to track app crashes and errors you need to add a line
like the following to the file `.env`:

```
SENTRY_DSN=https://XXXX:XXXX@sentry.io/XXXX
```

### Vagrant
The easiest way to get everything installed is by using [Vagrant](vagrantup.com).
Run the following command to spin up a dev machine running the app:

    vagrant up

You can now access the machine:

    vagrant ssh
    cd /vagrant

Run the tests:

```bash
rubocop -aD # code linting with automatic correction
bin/rails test # run minitest (deprecated)
bundle exec rspec --format documentation # run rspec
```

Start the server:

    bin/rails server

You can now access the app on http://localhost:3000.

### Manually
Follow these steps to install the web app manually on a system.

#### Ruby
Install Ruby using [rvm](http://rvm.io) or rbenv. Recommended version is 2.3.1.

For RVM, do the following:

    gpg --keyserver hkp://keys.gnupg.net --recv-keys 409B6B1796C275462A1703113804BB82D39DC0E3
    curl -sSL https://get.rvm.io | bash -s stable --rails --ruby=2.3.1

#### Postgres
Install PostgreSQL by issuing the following commands:

##### macOS Sierra

    brew install postgres
    initdb /usr/local/var/postgres -E utf8
    gem install lunchy
    mkdir -p ~/Library/LaunchAgents
    cp /usr/local/Cellar/postgresql/<VERSION>/homebrew.mxcl.postgresql.plist ~/Library/LaunchAgents/
    lunchy start postgres

##### Ubuntu 16.04

    apt-get -y install postgresql postgresql-contrib libpq-dev
    sudo su - postgres -c 'createuser $(whoami) -s;'

#### Bundler
Install Bundler for managing Ruby gems:

    gem install bundler

#### Ruby gems
Continue to install all Ruby gem dependencies for the web app:

    bundle

#### Create database
Create the database

    bin/rails db:setup

That's it! You can now run the tests and start the server just as described
above in the *Vagrant* section.

Commit message:

Improve support for fullscreen (#94)
- Add a fullscreen button to the navbar
- Hide clutter and zoom in when entering fullscreen
- Update the bundle (and cache it on CI)
- Polish README instructions

Closes #47

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/ephracis/appatite.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/ephracis/appatite)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/ephracis/appatite/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/ephracis/appatite)
[![Test Coverage](https://codeclimate.com/github/ephracis/appatite/badges/coverage.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/ephracis/appatite/coverage)
[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-GPLv3-blue.svg)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ephracis/appatite/master/LICENSE)
[![Issue Stats](http://www.issuestats.com/github/ephracis/appatite/badge/pr?style=flat)](http://www.issuestats.com/github/ephracis/appatite)
[![Issue Stats](http://www.issuestats.com/github/ephracis/appatite/badge/issue?style=flat)](http://www.issuestats.com/github/ephracis/appatite)
[![Libraries.io for GitHub](https://img.shields.io/librariesio/github/ephracis/appatite.svg?maxAge=2592000)](https://libraries.io/github/ephracis/appatite)
[![Issues in progress](https://badge.waffle.io/ephracis/appatite.svg?label=in%20progress&title=issues%20in%20progress)](http://waffle.io/ephracis/appatite)

# Welcome to Appatite

This is the project for the [Appatite website](http://appatite.herokuapp.com).

## Get started

If you want to run Appatite on your own machine, follow these instructions.

### Vagrant
The easiest way to get everything installed is by using [Vagrant](vagrantup.com).
Run the following command to spin up a dev machine running the app:

    vagrant up

You can now access the machine:

    vagrant ssh
    cd /vagrant

Run the tests:

```bash
bin/rails rubocop  # lint ruby code
bin/rails spec     # test ruby code
bin/rails teaspoon # test javascript code
```

Start the server:

    bin/rails server -b 0.0.0.0

You can now access the app on http://localhost:3000.

### Manually
Follow these steps to install the web app manually on a system.

#### Ruby
Install Ruby using [rvm](http://rvm.io) or rbenv. Recommended version is 2.3.1.

For RVM, do the following:

    gpg --keyserver hkp://keys.gnupg.net --recv-keys 409B6B1796C275462A1703113804BB82D39DC0E3
    curl -sSL https://get.rvm.io | bash -s stable --rails --ruby=2.3.1

#### Postgres
Install PostgreSQL by issuing the following commands:

##### macOS Sierra

    brew install postgres
    initdb /usr/local/var/postgres -E utf8
    gem install lunchy
    mkdir -p ~/Library/LaunchAgents
    cp /usr/local/Cellar/postgresql/<VERSION>/homebrew.mxcl.postgresql.plist ~/Library/LaunchAgents/
    lunchy start postgres

##### Ubuntu 16.04

    apt-get -y install postgresql postgresql-contrib libpq-dev
    sudo su - postgres -c 'createuser $(whoami) -s;'

#### Bundler
Install Bundler for managing Ruby gems:

    gem install bundler

#### Ruby gems
Continue to install all Ruby gem dependencies for the web app:

    bundle

#### Create database
Create the database

    bin/rails db:setup

That's it! You can now run the tests and start the server just as described
above in the *Vagrant* section.

### Configuration
#### Authentication
To enable signing in with GitHub or GitLab you need to register an app
with those providers.

Register your application on [Github](https://github.com/settings/developers)
and [Gitlab](https://gitlab.com/profile/applications) to get your ID and secret.
Set callback URL to `https://<HOSTNAME>/users/auth/gitlab/callback`.

Enter the credentials on the settings page in the admin area.

#### Crash reports
If you want to use Sentry to track app crashes and errors you need to add a line
like the following to the file `.env`:

```
SENTRY_DSN=https://XXXX:XXXX@sentry.io/XXXX
```

Restart the app after changing this file.
